Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5DS."
I HAVE SOMETHING THE LITTLE GIRL
MIGHT BE LOOKING FOR...
[GASPS]
THAT'S ANCIENT
FAIRY DRAGON!
LET US MEET TOMORROW,
AT THE FOUR STARS OF DESTINY...
THE END
WILL BE DECIDED THERE.
LUNA, IT'S
VERY IMPORTANT
THAT YOU GET THE ANCIENT FAIRY
DRAGON BACK FROM DEVACK.
KURIBON,
WHAT'S WRONG?
AH!
SOMETHING BAD'S HAPPENING
IN THE SPIRIT WORLD, ISN'T IT?
BE RIGHT THERE.
HUH?
SHE WASN'T BEAMED
ANYWHERE.
COME ON,
LET'S LOOK FOR HER.
THIS MUST BE THE CONTROL UNIT
THING MINA WAS TALKING ABOUT.
HEY, DARK SIGNER MONKEY GUY,
ARE YOU IN THERE?
HELLO!
I'M READY TO DUEL.
Devack: I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR YOU, SIGNER.
WHO ARE YOU!?
HUH?
WHAT'S GOING ON?...
YOU'RE NOT A SIGNER,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I'M HERE TO DUEL YOU!
THAT IS, IF YOU THINK
YOU'RE STRONG ENOUGH
TO TAKE ME ON!
WHERE'S THE LITTLE GIRL,
WHY ISN'T SHE HERE?
I TOLD HER TO COME.
YEAH, WELL, SHE'S BUSY!
I MAY NOT BE A SIGNER...
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN
THAT I CAN'T ROCK A DECK.
MAGICIAN APE
ATTACKS YOU DIRECTLY!
AAAAAH!
LEO!
AAAH!
NOW YOU KNOW THE TRUE
POWER OF A SHADOW DUEL.
LUNA...
LEO...
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
UH.
[GASPING]
READY, BOY?
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
IT'S FINALLY LEO'S TURN,
BUT I'M WORRIED.
HE DOESN'T LOOK GOOD.
HE'S A TOUGH KID.
HE CAN HANDLE WHATEVER DEVACK
THROWS HIS WAY.
Yusei:
YOU'RE RIGHT TRUDGE.
INTERESTING.
DID YOU HEAR YOUR FRIENDS?
THEY SEEM TO BELIEVE THAT YOU
CAN HANDLE MORE PUNISHMENT.
DO YOU CARE TO TEST
THAT THEORY, YOUNG LEO?
WELL, TO BE HONEST,
I HATE TESTS,
BUT IF IT
MEANS KEEPING
MY SISTER SAFE,
THEN WHAT'S THE
FIRST QUESTION,
PAL?!
CAUSE MY DECK'S
FULL OF ANSWERS!!
[THINKING]
ALTHOUGH A CHEAT SHEET
MIGHT COME IN HANDY
'CAUSE AS LONG AS
DEVACK HAS MAGICIAN
APE ON HIS FIELD,
HE CAN TAKE CONTROL OF
ANY MONSTER I SUMMON!
HMMM, BUT MAYBE THAT'S
WHAT I SHOULD
LET HIM DO!
I SUMMON
MY MORPHTRONIC MAGNEN
BAR IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND NOW I'LL
END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN.
IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE GOING TO FAIL!
[THINKING]
NO, I'M NOT.
I PROMISE, LUNA.
I CAN'T BELIEVE I'M
IN THE DUEL MONSTER
SPIRIT WORLD AGAIN!
AND NOW THAT I'M BACK,
I HAVE TO KEEP MY PROMISE
AND FREE ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON!
Ancient Fairy Dragon:
RIGHT NOW, MY SERVANT REGULUS
STRUGGLES DEEP IN THE SHADOWS.
IF YOU CAN FIND HIM
AND FREE HIM FROM HIS CURSE...
PERHAPS THE TWO OF YOU
CAN COMBINE YOUR POWERS
AND BREAK THE SEAL BINDING ME
TO THIS ROCK.
[THINKING]
OK, SO I JUST GOTTA FIND
THIS "REGULUS" PERSON,
RESCUE ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON,
TAKE HER BACK TO THE REAL WORLD
TO HELP LEO,
DEFEAT THE DARK SIGNERS,
AND SAVE THE PLANET!
EASY!
OH! CHECK OUT THE CITY,
KURIBON!
DO YOU THINK REGULUS
IS THERE?
[SQUEAKS]
IT LOOKS ABANDONED.
OH! GUESS NOT!
[WHIMPERING]
UM, HI.
I'M LUNA.
CAN YOU HELP US?
HEY, HOLD ON!
KURIBON DOESN'T BITE!
OH...
WHAT ARE THEY SCARED OF?
[SQUEAKS]
AH! WAIT!
DON'T RUN AWAY!
[THINKING]
IF WE DON'T CATCH THOSE KIDS,
WE'LL NEVER FIND REGULUS!
WHY'S EVERYONE HERE
SO SCARED OF US?
OH!
SEE!
THERE THEY GO!
[SQUEAKS]
WHAT DO YOU SEE, KURIBON?
AH!
OK, NOW,
THAT'S JUST REALLY WEIRD.
SINCE WHEN DO BALLS
BOUNCE UP THE STAIRS?
[RUSTLING]
AH!
CHECK OUT THAT LEAF!
IT'S FLOATING UP TO THE BRANCH.
LOOK!
IT'S LIKE EVERYTHING IS
HAPPENING IN REVERSE!
IF WE DON'T FIND OUT WHAT'S
CAUSING IT, I MIGHT END UP
IN DIAPERS AGAIN!
[SQUEAKS]
YOU THINK IT'S THAT STAFF?
THEY'RE ALL OVER THIS TOWN!
[WHOOSH]
OH, WHAT'S THAT WIND?!
Child A: IT MEANS
THE COLLECTORS ARE COMING!
HUH?
THEY CAPTURE ALL
THE DUEL SPIRITS!
HURRY!
THIS WAY!
"CAPTURE?"
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
OH! KURIBON!
WHAT IS THAT?!
ON SECOND THOUGHT,
NEVER MIND! LET'S GO!
Soldier A:
I DON'T WANT ANY MONKEY BUSINESS
LIKE LAST TIME, GOT IT?
Soldier B:
WHATEVER YOU SAY, BOSS!
Soldier C:
I WANNA FIND SOME SPIRITS
AND TURN 'EM INTO STONE.
KEEP SEARCHING!
OVER HERE!
LET'S GO THIS WAY!
NO WONDER EVERYONE'S HIDING!
[SQUEAK]
AH, LOOK, KURIBON,
EVEN THE SPIRITS IN MY DECK
ARE FRIGHTENED!
[WHIMPERING]
DON'T WORRY.
I'LL PROTECT YOU.
AH!
AAAAH!
WAIT! STOP!
OH, THEY'LL STOP,
ALL RIGHT!
[GROWLING AND LAUGHING]
YAH!
LEAVE THEM ALONE!
AH!
[NEIGHS]
[SQUEAKS]
LOOKEE THAT!
AND I THOUGHT THAT KURIBON
WAS "PETRIFIED" BEFORE!
HA HA!
POOR KURIBON!
WHA'D THEY DO?!
NOW GET THE GIRL!
HUH?
AFTER HER!
SHE WENT THIS WAY!
CIRCLE AROUND!
OH.
OH. OH!
IT'S A DEAD END!
JUST GREAT!
OH!
IT'S MY MOVE, BOY! YAH!
AND I'LL USE MAGICIAN APE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
NOW, BY SENDING ONE OF MY CARDS
TO THE GRAVEYARD, YOUR MONSTER
BECOMES MY PROPERTY.
GRR...
MORPHTRONIC MAGNEN BAR,
JOIN THE DARK SHADOWS!
Trudge:
WHAT'S HE DOIN'?!
AT THIS RATE DEVACK'S GONNA
TAKE THE KID'S WHOLE DECK!
NOT QUITE.
HUH?
ALL RIGHT,
YOU FELL FOR IT!
NOW YOU CAN'T ATTACK
BECAUSE YOUR MAGNEN BAR
IS IN DEFENSE MODE!
HA!
THAT'S TELLIN' HIM!
SHAME. I'M AFRAID
IT WON'T MAKE A DIFFERENCE!
HUH?
I SACRIFICE YOUR MAGNEN BAR
TO SUMMON MY FIGHTER APE!
[ROAR]
Duel Runner Computer:
WHEN THE LEVEL FIVE
MONSTER CARD FIGHTER APE
DESTROYS AN OPPONENT'S MONSTER
IN BATTLE, IT GAINS
400 ATTACK POINTS.
WELL, HE SURE THREW
A MONKEY WRENCH INTO THINGS.
SINCE YOUR DEFENSELESS
FIGHTER APE CAN ATTACK
YOU DIRECTLY!
[ROAR]
NO! LEOOOO!
I PLAY MY FACEDOWN:
REMAKE PUZZLE!
NOW IF I DESTROY
A MORPHTRONIC MONSTER,
EVEN IF YOU CONTROL IT,
YOUR ATTACK ENDS
AUTOMATICALLY!
AND THERE'S MORE!
NOW I GET TO SUMMON
ANOTHER MORPHTRONIC
MONSTER FROM MY GRAVEYARD
TO MAKE UP FOR THE ONE
I JUST SACRIFICED.
AND I CHOOSE MORPHTRONIC
MAGNEN BAR!
ALL YOU'VE DONE IS
PROLONG YOUR MISERY, BOY.
YOU DON'T REALLY THINK
YOU'LL WIN, DO YOU?
YOU CAN'T DEFEAT ME!
AND THEN WHEN I'M THROUGH
WITH YOU, I'M COMING AFTER
YOUR SISTER NEXT!
LOOK, THERE MUST BE
A SHADOW DUEL THERE.
YOU'RE RIGHT, MINA,
BUT THERE'S SOMETHING
DIFFERENT ABOUT THIS ONE.
FOR SOME REASON MY DRAGON
SIGN'S NOT GLOWING.
Jack:
LUNA'S SUPPOSED TO BE DUELING
UNDER THAT SHADOW MARK,
BUT I CAN'T FEEL
OUR SIGNER CONNECTION.
IT'S LIKE SHE FELL OFF THE FACE
OF THE EARTH.
WHERE DID SHE GO?
BEATS ME BOSS!
I THINK I SAW HER!
HUH?
WE'RE SAFE.
FOR NOW.
I WOULD'VE BEEN MONKEY
BAIT WITHOUT YOUR HELP,
SO THANK YOU!
YOU DON'T LOOK LIKE
ANY DUEL SPIRIT I'VE
SEEN, SO WHO ARE YOU?
UM...
AN OLD LEGEND SAYS A LITTLE GIRL
WILL APPEAR AND SAVE US ALL!
I ASSUME IT'S YOU.
SO STOP STANDING AROUND
AND GET TO WORK!
FIRST OF ALL, I'M NOT
A LITTLE GIRL, AND SECOND
OF ALL, WHAT LEGEND?
I'M NOT PART OF ANY
LEGEND, I'M JUST HERE
TO FREE MY DRAGON!
ANCIENT FAIRY,
AM I RIGHT?
AND REGULUS IS
GOING TO HELP, TOO.
HUH?
SEE? NOW HOW
WOULD I KNOW ALL THAT
IF YOU'RE NOT TIED
TO THAT OLD LEGEND?
WHAT'S YOUR NAME,
BY THE WAY?
I'M TURUNKA.
I'M LUNA.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
SSSH.
WE HAVE TO BE QUIET.
WHY ARE THOSE
MONKEY SOLDIERS
TURNING ALL THE DUEL
SPIRITS INTO STONE
TABLETS?
BEATS ME.
ALL WE KNOW IS THEY
TAKE THEM TO SOME
CASTLE HIDDEN FAR AWAY.
A FEW OF US ESCAPED,
BUT NOW WE'RE UNDER
THE MINUS CURSE.
I'M OLD ENOUGH TO BE
YOUR GREAT GRANDFATHER.
BUT THE MONKEYS MADE US ALL
LOOK THIS YOUNG.
UM, IS IT CONTAGIOUS?
DON'T WORRY.
YOU'RE COMPLETELY SAFE.
IT ONLY AFFECTS DUEL SPIRITS,
BUT NOW WE'RE TOO WEAK
TO DO ANYTHING!
HOW'D THIS START?!
WHY WOULD ANYONE
DO THIS?!
[SIGHS]
IT'S A COMPLETE MYSTERY.
ALL WE KNOW IS THAT ONE DAY
THE SHADOWS CAME.
BEFORE, THE DUEL SPIRITS
ALL LIVED IN HARMONY.
IN YOUR DECKS, WE MIGHT FIGHT,
BUT HERE, WE WERE FREE TO LIVE
LIVES OF PEACE.
WIZARD AND BEAST, FAIRY AND
DRAGON, WE ALL LIVED TOGETHER.
THAT IS, UNTIL
THE SKY GREW DARK.
NO ONE KNEW HIS NAME
OR SAW HIS FACE,
BUT THE FIGURE IN THE SHADOWS
BROUGHT WITH HIM AN ARMY.
THEY HAD WEAPONS... STAFFS...
THEY USED FOR BATTLE.
WITH BUT ONE STRIKE, THEY COULD
TURN THE MOST POWERFUL DUEL
SPIRIT INTO STONE.
SOON, THE CITIES WERE SILENT.
THE FIELDS EMPTY.
AND THAT'S WHERE
YOU COME IN.
AH...
I KNOW I PROMISED
TO HELP SAVE THE
SPIRIT WORLD,
BUT I HAVE TO GET BACK
TO MY WORLD AND HELP
MY BROTHER.
THE LEGEND IS CLEAR!
YOU WILL SAVE YOUR DRAGON
AND ALL OF US ALONG WITH IT!
BUT I'M NOT REALLY
THE LEGEND TYPE,
MY TEACHERS BARELY
EVEN REMEMBER MY NAME!
WELL, SOMEONE THINKS
YOU'RE IMPORTANT, OR YOU
WOULDN'T BE A SIGNER!
YOU KNOW THAT?!
OK, FINE, LET'S SAY THAT
I'M SUPPOSED TO HELP.
WHERE DO I FIND
THIS REGULUS GUY?
IT'S, UH... NOT AS EASY
AS IT SOUNDS, I'M AFRAID.
IT NEVER IS, IS IT?
REGULUS IS
THE SWORN PROTECTOR
OF ALL THE SPIRITS
THAT LIVE IN THIS WORLD.
BUT NOW HE'S BEEN ACTING
DIFFERENT EVER SINCE ANCIENT
FAIRY DRAGON WAS TAKEN FROM US.
WE THINK MAYBE THE MINUS
CURSE IS INFECTING HIM,
TURNING HIS HEART BLACK.
NOW HE JUST ROAMS THE FOREST,
ATTACKING ANYTHING THAT
COMES TOO CLOSE!
[GROWLS]
BUT, WE NEED HIM!
YOU EVEN SAID THAT HE'S
PART OF THIS LEGEND,
DIDN'T YOU?
IN THE LAST DAY,
I'VE SEEN SHADOW DUELS,
TALKING MONKEYS
AND THE BEGINNING OF
THE END OF THE WORLD!
SO CURSED OR NOT,
WE'VE GOTTA FIND
REGULUS!
WHADDYA MEAN WE?
WHAT CAN I DO
TRAPPED IN THIS BODY?
FINE, THEN!
I'LL DO THIS
ALL BY MYSELF!
IT'S NOT THAT I'M SCARED.
IT'S JUST THAT...
OK, MAYBE I AM SCARED.
FINE!
STAY HERE ALONE!
ON SECOND THOUGHT...
I'M GLAD YOU CAME WITH ME.
DON'T RUN SO FAST...
I'M AN OLD MAN,
REMEMBER?!
AH! THIS WAY!
AH! THEY FOUND US!
HOW PERCEPTIVE OF YOU!
I HAVE AN IDEA!
HOW DO THOSE STAFFS WORK?
YOU FLIP THE SWITCH AT THE TOP
AND THEN THINGS GO BACKWARDS.
PERFECT!
[SNARLING]
PRETTY GOOD.
THANKS! NOW, LET'S
GET OUTTA HERE!
NOT SO FAST, OK?!
WELL, WE GOT RID
OF THE MONKEYS!
DOES THAT MEAN WE CAN TAKE
A BREAK?
AHH...
COME ON!
DIDN'T YOU SAY WE STILL
HAD A LONG WAY LEFT?
YOU HAVE A LONG WAY.
IT'S MY NAP TIME.
I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU SAY.
I'M NOT TAKING
ONE MORE STEP.
ALL RIGHT. THEN YOU
LEAVE ME WITH NO CHOICE.
AH. GET ON.
WHAT?
COME ON. YOU HEARD
WHAT I JUST SAID.
HUH? WELL, THANKS, LUNA.
NOW, BE CAREFUL,
MY SCIATICA IS ACTING UP.
WHA'D YOU MEAN
BEFORE ABOUT
SAVING YOUR BROTHER?
I HAVE A TWIN.
I'M WORRIED ABOUT HIM.
I WAS SUPPOSED TO GO
TO A SHADOW DUEL,
BUT I THINK
HE TOOK MY PLACE.
I'M SURE THAT
HE'S FINE!
I SENSE THE POWER
OF THE DRAGON IN YOU.
IT MUST FLOW THROUGH
HIS SPIRIT, TOO.
I JUST DON'T KNOW
IF IT WORKS LIKE THAT.
LEO IS ALWAYS TRYING
TO PROTECT ME NO MATTER
WHAT THE DANGER IS!
BUT YOU HAVE THE MARK
OF THE DRAGON.
AREN'T YOU THE BEST
AT DUELING?
UH-UH. LEO'S GOT
ALL THE SKILL.
[GRUNTING]
I HOPE THIS WORKS....
OK.
FINALLY!
I SUMMON MORPHTRONIC
CELFON TO THE FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE!
IT'S TIME FOR ME TO
DIAL UP SOME TROUBLE!
SEE, SINCE MY CELFON'S
IN ATTACK MODE,
HE CHOOSES A NUMBER
BETWEEN 1 AND 6.
WHATEVER HE PICKS,
I CAN DRAW THAT
MANY CARDS.
AND IF THERE'S ANOTHER
MORPHTRONIC IN THERE,
I CAN SUMMON HIM
AUTOMATICALLY!
3!
ALL RIGHT!
HOPE YOU BROUGHT
YOUR EARBUDS!
I SUMMON...
MORPHTRONIC REMOTEN!
THAT'S QUITE...
ENTERTAINING.
YEAH, WELL, THIS PARTY'S
JUST GETTING STARTED!
I ACTIVATE
LEVEL MIRRORING!
NOW I GET TO CHOOSE
A MONSTER ON YOUR FIELD
AND MATCH HIS LEVEL
TO ONE OF MINE.
IN OTHER WORDS,
MAGNEN'S NOW AS
TOUGH AS YOUR APE!
AND WITH THAT
POWER BOOST,
IT'S TIME TA GET
THINGS ROCKIN',
SO NOW I TUNE MY REMOTEN
WITH MY MAGNEN BAR
AND CELFON
TO MORPH MY MORPHTRONICS
INTO SOMETHING NEW!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON...
MY POWER TOOL DRAGON!
ALL RIGHT!
NOW LEO'S ADDED A LITTLE
FIREPOWER TO HIS SIDE
OF THE FIELD!
I DIDN'T THINK THE KID HAD
A COMBO LIKE THAT IN HIM!
[THINKING]
IT'S A GOOD START.
AND I KNOW IT'S ONLY
GOING TO GET BETTER!
[CHUCKLING]
IS THAT THE BEST
YOU CAN DO?!
BECAUSE IF IT IS, YOURS
IS A FUTURE BATHED IN SHADOW!
[OMINOUS LAUGHTER]
THAT'S NO SIGNER DRAGON!
THAT'S A TOY YOU SHOULD HAVE
LEFT IN YOUR PLAYROOM.
I HOPE YOUR SISTER
WILL BE
MORE OF A CHALLENGE.
TOO BAD YOU'LL
NEVER FIND OUT
'CAUSE I'M ABOUT TO
TAKE YOUR GAME APART.
FIRST I ACTIVATE MY
DRAGON'S SPECIAL ABILITY
WHICH LETS ME ADD
A RANDOM EQUIP SPELL
TO MY HAND!
AND AS LUCK
WOULD HAVE IT,
I GET TO USE THE POWER
OF BREAK DRAW!
SO AS SOON AS MY POWER
TOOL DRAGON DESTROYS
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS,
I GET TO DRAW
ANOTHER CARD.
YOU MIGHT THINK MY
CARDS ARE NO MATCH
FOR YOUR DARK DECK,
BUT I'M ABOUT TO SHED
SOME LIGHT ON THE FACT
THAT MY MONSTERS ARE
THE BEST BEASTS AROUND!
[ROAR]
NOW... ATTACK
MAGICIAN APE!
ARGH!
WELL, THAT WAS QUITE
THE VANISHING ACT,
WASN'T IT?!
NOW IF YOU'VE GOT
SOMETHING ELSE TO SAY
ABOUT THE POWER OF MY
DRAGON, GO RIGHT AHEAD!
NOTHING?
WHAT'S THE MATTER,
DRAGON GOT YOUR TONGUE?
JOKE ALL YOU WANT.
IT'S MY TURN NOW,
AND YOUR DRAGON'S
ABOUT TO MEET ITS MATCH!
OH. I'VE BEEN
WONDERING SOMETHING...
WHAT IS IT?
WHAT HAPPENS
AT THIS SECRET CASTLE
WITH ALL THE DUEL SPIRITS?
WELL, NO ONE KNOWS
FOR SURE
BUT THE RUMOR IS THAT
ZEMAN THE APE KING
LINES HIS CASTLE
WITH THEM.
BUT WHAT DOES HE WANT?
IS HE ON THE
DARK SIGNERS' SIDE?
MAYBE.
AND IF HE IS,
WE BETTER STOP HIM
OR ELSE WE'RE LOOKING
AT THE END OF THE ENTIRE
DUEL SPIRIT REALM...
NOT TO MENTION
YOUR WORLD AS WELL!
THEN I THINK ITS TIME
WE FOUND OUT!
Zeman The Ape King:
FOR THOUSANDS OF YEARS
WE'VE WAITED...
WATCHING WHILE THE SPIRITS
SPREAD OVER THIS WORLD
LIKE A PLAGUE.
IT IS OUR TURN TO RULE.
NOW, ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON
WILL DO MY BIDDING!
BLAST IT! AH!
WITH REGULUS STILL FREE
I CANNOT ABSORB ANCIENT
FAIRY DRAGON'S POWER.
BUT IT WILL ONLY BE A MATTER
OF TIME BEFORE I ADD HIM
TO MY COLLECTION AS WELL!
[EVIL LAUGHTER]
Devack:
I SENSE GOOD THINGS.
HA HA!
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?!
YOU HUMAN BEINGS,
SO NARROW MINDED.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA THAT THIS
BATTLE IS BEING WAGED IN
THE SPIRIT WORLD AS WELL.
I ASSUME THAT'S WHERE
YOUR POOR SISTER IS
RIGHT NOW, ISN'T SHE?
LEAVE LUNA OUTTA THIS!
YOU'RE DUELIN' ME.
NOW DRAW YOUR CARD
AND GO!
MY PLEASURE.
THOUGH ONCE YOU SEE
WHAT I HAVE IN MIND,
YOU'LL WISH I WAITED!
NOW MEET YOUR DOOM
IN THE GUISE OF MY DARK
TUNER MONSTER DARK APE!
[ROARS, CHITTERING]
WHA-?!
BUT ITS POWERLESS?!
NOT FOR LONG.
JUST WATCH.
YOUR FRIEND YUSEI KNOWS
WHAT HE'S TALKING ABOUT.
BEHOLD: BY USING
MY DARK WAVE SPELL
I CAN CONVERT A MONSTER'S
LEVEL INTO NEGATIVE ENERGY.
NOW YOU CAN WITNESS
THE REAL PURPOSE
OF MY DARK APE,
AS I USE HIM TO COMBINE
FORCES WITH FIGHTER APE!
WHEN THE SHADOWS ARE DEVOURED
BY EVEN DARKER SHADOWS,
THE CURTAIN PULLS BACK
AND REVEALS...
A WORLD WITHOUT LIGHT!
COME FORTH ZEMAAAAAAN
THE APE KING!
[GROWLS]
GOOD LUCK USING
ANY SPELLS OR TRAPS,
SINCE THE STRENGTH OF THIS KING
OVERRULES ALL THEIR POWERS!
[GASPS]
SO WHAT?!
ALL I NEED IS MY DRAGON!
HE'S GOT MORE
ATTACK POINTS
THAN YOUR PATHETIC
LITTLE MONKEY
HAS ANYWAY.
YEAH! LOOKS LIKE OLD DEVACK
MADE A LITTLE ERROR IN JUDGMENT,
EH, YUSEI?
MY ONLY ERROR HAS BEEN NOT
FINISHING YOU OFF SOONER.
BUT I'LL RECTIFY THAT
RIGHT NOW!
UH...
I PLAY THE FIELD SPELL
CLOSED FOREST!
NOT A FIELD SPELL!
OH, NO!
NOW DEVACK'S GOT
EVERYTHING HE NEEDS
TO SUMMON ONE OF
THOSE EARTHBOUND
IMMORTALS AGAINST LEO!
AH!
Luna: THIS IS WHERE
REGULUS LIVES?
IT USED TO BE
A BEAUTIFUL FOREST.
I GUESS THAT WAS BEFORE
ZEMAN THE APE KING
MADE EVERYTHING
GO BACKWARDS AND
STOLE DUEL SPIRITS.
I'M AFRAID
IT'S WORSE THAN THAT.
LIKE I SAID, WITH THE
FOREST WITHERING AWAY,
SPRITS BEING KIDNAPPED,
KING REGULUS WENT MAD!
HEY!
KING REGULUS!
WE NEED YOU!
BE QUIET!
HE'S MAD, NOT
HARD OF HEARING!
I KNOW WHAT I'M DOING!
AFTER ALL, I'VE GOT
A KITTEN AT HOME!
HEY, KITTY,
KITTY, KITTY!
I'VE GOT A NICE TREAT
FOR YOU.
STOP! AH!
UM... HI? AH!
[GROWLING]
[ROARS]
HE CAME FOR A TREAT,
ALL RIGHT.
AND I THINK
IT'S GONNA BE US!